StratConn GA Launch Docs Updates (#2566)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/tiktok-conversions/index.md

### TikTok Requirements

The TikTok Conversions destination is configured to use the TikTok Events API. To generate a TikTok Access Token and Pixel Code:

1. [Create a TikTok For Business account](https://ads.tiktok.com/marketing_api/docs?id=1702715936951297){:target="_blank"}.
2. Follow instructions for [Authorization](https://ads.tiktok.com/marketing_api/docs?rid=959icq5stjr&id=1701890979375106){:target="_blank"} and generate a long term access token.

### Connect TikTok Conversions to your workspace

1. From the Segment web app, click **Catalog**, then click **Destinations**.
2. Search for “TikTok Conversions” in the Destinations Catalog, and select the destination.
3. Click **Configure TikTok Conversions**.
4. Select the source that will send data to TikTok Conversions and follow the steps to name your destination.
5. On the Settings tab, enter in your TikTok Access Token and Pixel Code and click **Save**.
6. Follow the steps in the Destinations Actions documentation on [Customizing mappings](/docs/connections/destinations/actions/#customizing-mappings).

{% include components/actions-fields.html %}

## FAQ & Troubleshooting

### Other Standard Events

> If you want to send a [TikTok standard event](https://ads.tiktok.com/marketing_api/docs?id=1701890979375106){:target="_blank"} that Segment doesn't have a prebuilt mapping for, you can use the [Report Web Event action](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/tiktok-conversions/#report-web-event) to send the standard event. For example, if you want to send a `CompleteRegistration` event, create a mapping for Report Web Event, set up your Event Trigger criteria for completed registrations, and input a literal string of "CompleteRegistration" as the Event Name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to send a [TikTok standard event](https://ads.tiktok.com/marketing_api/docs?id=1701890979375106){:target="_blank"} that Segment doesn't have a prebuilt mapping for, you can use the [Report Web Event action](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/tiktok-conversions/#report-web-event) to send the standard event. For example, if you want to send a `CompleteRegistration` event: 
1. Create a mapping for Report Web Event. 
2. Set up your Event Trigger criteria for completed registrations. 
3. Input a literal string of "CompleteRegistration" as the Event Name.

```

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

> The TikTok Conversions destination is a server-to-server integration with the TikTok Events API that allows advertisers to share website visitor events from Segment directly to TikTok. Data that is shared via the Events API is processed similarly to information shared via the TikTok pixel and TikTok SDK business tools. Advertisers can leverage events data to power solutions like dynamic showcase ads (DSA), custom targeting, campaign optimization and attribution. Advertisers can see their event data in TikTok Events Manager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The TikTok Conversions destination is a server-to-server integration with the TikTok Events API that allows advertisers to share website visitor events from Segment directly to TikTok. Data shared through the Events API is processed similarly to information shared through the TikTok pixel and TikTok SDK business tools. Advertisers can use events data to power solutions like dynamic showcase ads (DSA), custom targeting, campaign optimization and attribution. Advertisers can see their event data in TikTok Events Manager.
```
